"Until you die there are millions of possiblities."
"When you think to give up,remeber why you started."
"Be the main character."
"Tatakae your demons."
"what stands between you and your destiny is you."
"You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become a villain."
"Don't stop when you are tired stop when you are done."
"The best view comes after the hardest climb"
"It's ok to be not ok! keep moving forward!"
"Mindset matters!"
"Be so good they can't ignore you"
"One step at a time"
"Live the moment,enjoy it, treasure it.Nothing happens in the world same way twice."
"Fuck it,we ball!"
"Growth and comfort does not co-exist."
"You got this."
"Ideas are cheap, but implementation is everything."
“Kill them with success and bury them with a smile.”
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in determination.”
"If u risk nothing,u risk everything"
"Don't overthink,jsu ask why? be bold!"
"If you can't be cute ,be rich and smart"
"Think out of the box"
"Pen is sharper than sword"
"No one's helping anyone.Everyone will leave you at some point in time.Survive and fight alone."
"1Good Book is better than 10good friends"
"If nothing goes right,go LEFT"
"If you can't who can?"
"It's never too late,but tomorrow is"
"Now or never!"
"Don't chase butterflies,build a beautiful garden"
"NEWTON'S 3rd law is legit,so act accordingly"
"Nothing is free in this cursed world,then what about social media?"
"You can't fill a bowl which is already full,so unlearn to learn"
"Being healthy>>anything"
"Bad news incoming...time flies away,but a good news you are the pilot"
"Be bold,be a men"
"Men are brave"
"Be like water,adapt to anything and also be pure"
"Work in silence,let the victory make noise"
"You don't have to be great at start,but you have to start to be great"
"Stop whishing start doing"
"Yesterday is history,tomorrow is a mystery but today is a gift.That's why it is called present."
"Don't worry if you are alone.Pond which is too pure won't have any fish in it"
"Those who know how to swim don't fear the depth of the ocean"
"Never loose hope"
"Stephen hawking did it,what stands in ur way?"
"Become THE GREAT not for you,but just for ur parents and loved ones"
"you are wow!"
"Smile! say ha ha ha haa haaa haaa with me!FUN-FATCT:smiling makes you helathy(mentally and physically)"